---
layout: post
date: 2013-05-29 01:05
title: WWDC 2013 Tips
tags: [WWDC, Tips]
---

Spurred on by [Mike Lee's post on App.net](https://alpha.app.net/bmf/post/6118206) about his [tips and tricks for WWDC](http://mur.mu.rs/616), here are a few of my tips for WWDC from the perspective of an Aussie traveller, and long time attendee:

tl;dr; Enjoy yourself, make new friends and learn.

## The Keynote
Everyone remembers the first year they joined the Presidio hopefuls and lined up at some ungodly hour of the morning to get a passable seat in the main room.

* It's OK to **be really excited**. You've come a long way, and waited a long time to be here;
* You're surrounded by thousands of people who do what you do, and generally speaking *love doing what you do* — **chat, make friends, and enjoy the atmosphere**!
* It's a long, cold wait if you're going to brave the San Francisco night and line up early. **Wear a jacket or a jumper**;
* Line up with buddies. If you don't have some, make some in the line. I'll reiterate: it's a long wait. **Nature is going to come calling long before you get a seat**, and having someone mind your spot will avoid the inevitable stress of reclaiming your spot in line;
* Be cool: there's a crush at the end where a gaggle of over-excited, over-tired developers will push everyone in their path out of the way to get to a better seat. **Don't be the jerk, but also don't get stressed about being in the main hall** — the screens in the overflow rooms give you a better view of the proceedings than a seat in Presidio will (unless you're a VIP or member of the media);

## State of the Union
* In my opinion, the State of the Unions are far more interesting than the keynote: They're my favourite sessions!. These sessions are where Apple kicks off the week by talking the changes to the developer tools, Core OS, Graphics, etc.

## Sessions
* **Don't snore**. Seriously. It shows a massive lack of respect for the presenter, and for your fellow attendees. If you're getting tired, grab a coffee or go grab a bean bag and have a quick nap.
* If there's a session you really want to see, **be prepared to leave the previous session 10-15 minutes early**. There's rarely enough room in the popular sessions. Remember that almost everything is recorded, and will be available for download after the conference;
* **The seats are hard**. Your arse will fall asleep;
* **Don't fret about skipping a session to spend time with interesting people**, or to spend time in the labs. Those are things you can't do after the conference — watching session videos is something you can do later.

## Parties
* San Fran has some really interesting bars, and there'll be free drinks at some of the events — enjoy yourself, but take it from a seasoned conference alcoholic: **you'll regret getting blind drunk**;
* Be a good egg and **talk to people you don't know**. Nobody likes a clique;

I'm looking forward to catching up with old friends, and making a whole bunch of new ones — see you all there!
